okay hey everyone
so I just got back from school and I
wanted to do a no TV video today is just
a simple casual day with an air pulses
shirt it's pink it's delight you know
what there though I answers New York
right here and just pink and then I did
I don't know if you can see it I did it
black sweats and it has era right here
and in it I don't know if you guys went
to my but but how does a piece I'm gonna
heart and on this side all I was like it
was 87 so yeah that's it I'm wearing
black piece on earrings I didn't have a
flower ring but I took it out my hair is
still a little bit cramped so I'm on
makeup it's just pink eye shadow I did
like a lot better but I just got back
from school as I said I have to get in
my hell of you know bit and do a reboot
video of that leaves I'm happy I'm
learning everyone this video is more
like a minute okay but um I'll keep
talking to sleep it outs like let's go
look at my fishies see my fishies call
me I'll do this side hey I don't know if
you can see home
there's one mhm he was looking right at
the camera but um I'm gonna make this
video two minutes so just wait please
don't stop the music yeah my ipod can't
upload any video like under a minute my
brother's came now like that's the but
one that was on my brother's so holder
the money after more seconds ago
somebody want to talk about that he'll
be like I'm just kidding but um yeah
here's a casual look at my outfit
I forgot to say what my shoes I'm
wearing these I don't know if you can
see but yeah so I just move my iPod oh
my Oh TV videos will be a lot better at
home okay so please I'm like it's just
like this video but a nice